Update readme for stream command (#12)
copilot-extensions/gh-debug-cli: README.md

Reply: [y/N]
```
8. Currently, the supported event types for debug mode are references, errors, and confirmations! Have fun chatting with your assistant!

## Using the debug stream tool

> 1. to quickly parse agent response run cmd go run `main.go stream [local file name]` for example `gh-debug-cli stream test.txt`   

Reviewer: should the go run be gh debug-cli? 

and I think I saw that the original chat command got updated from `gh debug-cli` to `gh debug-cli chat` too?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To parse the full output of a streamed LLM response, you can now run cmd `gh debug-cli stream -- file test.txt`   
```

I think the next stream file takes in a --file flag?

> 2. tool will take print out data packet for easy readability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. This command will parse the streamed response for easier readability.
 ```

> ```
> data: {"choices":[{"delta":{"content":"A closure in JavaScript "}}],"created":1727120830,"id":"chatcmpl-AAjJW0Nz9E2Gu1P6YQMFqqmn10mdR","model":"gpt-4o-2024-05-13","system_fingerprint":"fp_80a1bad4c7"}
> data: {"choices":[{"delta":{"content":"is a function that retains access "}}],"created":1727120831,"id":"chatcmpl-AAjJW0Nz9E2Gu1P6YQMFqqmn10mdR","model":"gpt-4o-2024-05-13","system_fingerprint":"fp_80a1bad4c7"}
> data: {"choices":[{"delta":{"content":"to its lexical scope, even "}}],"created":1727120832,"id":"chatcmpl-AAjJW0Nz9E2Gu1P6YQMFqqmn10mdR","model":"gpt-4o-2024-05-13","system_fingerprint":"fp_80a1bad4c7"}
> data: {"choices":[{"delta":{"content":"when the function is executed "}}],"created":1727120833,"id":"chatcmpl-AAjJW0Nz9E2Gu1P6YQMFqqmn10mdR","model":"gpt-4o-2024-05-13","system_fingerprint":"fp_80a1bad4c7"}
> data: {"choices":[{"delta":{"content":"outside that scope. "}}],"created":1727120834,"id":"chatcmpl-AAjJW0Nz9E2Gu1P6YQMFqqmn10mdR","model":"gpt-4o-2024-05-13","system_fingerprint":"fp_80a1bad4c7"}
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
In this example, if a file `test.txt` holds the following streamed response. Then will get back the response `A closure in JavaScript is a function that retains access...` making it a more human readable response

data: {"choices":[{"delta":{"content":"A closure in JavaScript "}}],"created":1727120830,"id":"chatcmpl-AAjJW0Nz9E2Gu1P6YQMFqqmn10mdR","model":"gpt-4o-2024-05-13","system_fingerprint":"fp_80a1bad4c7"}
data: {"choices":[{"delta":{"content":"is a function that retains access "}}],"created":1727120831,"id":"chatcmpl-AAjJW0Nz9E2Gu1P6YQMFqqmn10mdR","model":"gpt-4o-2024-05-13","system_fingerprint":"fp_80a1bad4c7"}
data: {"choices":[{"delta":{"content":"to its lexical scope, even "}}],"created":1727120832,"id":"chatcmpl-AAjJW0Nz9E2Gu1P6YQMFqqmn10mdR","model":"gpt-4o-2024-05-13","system_fingerprint":"fp_80a1bad4c7"}
data: {"choices":[{"delta":{"content":"when the function is executed "}}],"created":1727120833,"id":"chatcmpl-AAjJW0Nz9E2Gu1P6YQMFqqmn10mdR","model":"gpt-4o-2024-05-13","system_fingerprint":"fp_80a1bad4c7"}
data: {"choices":[{"delta":{"content":"outside that scope. "}}],"created":1727120834,"id":"chatcmpl-AAjJW0Nz9E2Gu1P6YQMFqqmn10mdR","model":"gpt-4o-2024-05-13","system_fingerprint":"fp_80a1bad4c7"}
```
```
